README.md, before:

SnapVX
=====================

**For more information, please visit the SnapVX website at [snap.stanford.edu/snapvx](http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/).**

#### IMPORTANT LINKS
- Source code repo: https://github.com/snap-stanford/snapvx
- HTML user documentation: http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/doc/index.html
- Developer documentation: http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/developer_doc.pdf
- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/snap-stanford/snapvx/issues

#### DEPENDENCIES
The required dependencies to build SnapVX are NumPy >= 1.6.1, Scipy >= 0.9, CVXPY >= 0.3.9, and Snap.py >= 1.2.

#### INSTALLATION
1. Download the latest release [here](http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/release/).
2. Uncompress the `snapvx-*.tar.gz` file.

        tar zxvf snapvx-0.5.tar.gz

3. Run `setup.py install` from inside the top-level directory.

        cd snapvx-0.5
        python setup.py install

4. Test the installation. The included unit tests will test basic functionality to ensure that SnapVX and its dependencies are working correctly.

        cd Tests
        chmod u+x test_basic.sh
        ./test_basic.sh

Note: to run SnapVX locally, without installing it system-wide, just run setup.py with the --user flag.

#### USAGE
SnapVX is used by simply writing
```
import snapvx
```
in the Python file. See the included `Examples/` directory for use cases and syntax.

#### DEVELOPMENT
Please consult the developer doc for ways to contribute code, documentation, test cases and general improvments to SnapVX.

### CONTACT
Please file bug reports at [github.com/snap-stanford/snapvx](https://github.com/snap-stanford/snapvx). We also encourage you to sign up for the [SnapVX mailing list](http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/#documentation) to stay up-tp-date with the newest features and releases. For any other questions, comments, or concerns, please contact [David Hallac](http://www.stanford.edu/~hallac/).

Commit message:

Update snapvx.py. It now only support python3 and cvxpy>=1.25.0. README.md file updated to reflect the change.

README.md, after:

SnapVX
=====================

**For more information, please visit the SnapVX website at [snap.stanford.edu/snapvx](http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/).**

#### IMPORTANT LINKS
- Source code repo: https://github.com/snap-stanford/snapvx
- HTML user documentation: http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/doc/index.html
- Developer documentation: http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/developer_doc.pdf
- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/snap-stanford/snapvx/issues

#### DEPENDENCIES
The required dependencies to build SnapVX are python 3, NumPy >= 1.6.1, Scipy >= 0.9, CVXPY >= 1.25.0, and Snap.py >= 1.2.
The github release only supports python 3, however snapvx-0.5 [here](http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/release/) is an older release supporting python 2.

#### INSTALLATION
1. Download the latest release [here](http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/release/).
2. Uncompress the `snapvx-*.tar.gz` file.

        tar zxvf snapvx-0.5.tar.gz

3. Run `setup.py install` from inside the top-level directory.

        cd snapvx-0.5
        python setup.py install

4. Test the installation. The included unit tests will test basic functionality to ensure that SnapVX and its dependencies are working correctly.

        cd Tests
        chmod u+x test_basic.sh
        ./test_basic.sh

Note: to run SnapVX locally, without installing it system-wide, just run setup.py with the --user flag.

#### USAGE
SnapVX is used by simply writing
```
import snapvx
```
in the Python file. See the included `Examples/` directory for use cases and syntax.

#### DEVELOPMENT
Please consult the developer doc for ways to contribute code, documentation, test cases and general improvments to SnapVX.

### CONTACT
Please file bug reports at [github.com/snap-stanford/snapvx](https://github.com/snap-stanford/snapvx). We also encourage you to sign up for the [SnapVX mailing list](http://snap.stanford.edu/snapvx/#documentation) to stay up-tp-date with the newest features and releases. For any other questions, comments, or concerns, please contact [David Hallac](http://www.stanford.edu/~hallac/).
